ready all right ready explore the Babel
monoxide huh probably won't touch much
we'll see what they did sometimes
they'll land just above here in San
Francisco me I'll get the camera over
here try and hold this hey guys ready
for long happy life so don't blink
people don't blink yeah leave this open
you decide they're just one
oh the other one just went out to their
to go right here up in the under the
umbrella he's sitting on the light
sitting down your brother bring one is
long gone and the other is sticking
around checking out the light bulb
probably the one that went was the one
that was perfect
did you see where the other one want
Erica gun straight to the rose dish well
the other one came in and chased it oh
yeah that's the normal thing curious
about the light bulbs here some food
right here if you want to try this out
do you watch my son so oh oh check out
some of the flowers yeah the sky just
opened up no more restriction move very
excited
it's always nice when I hate mail
doesn't have an around they're all gone
getting over the top of it did not
escape do